You two didn't quarrel?
Why are you arguing?
Is it bad to solve things with money?
Use money Tang Qian
Please explain to me what's going on.
From my aunt
What's all this fuss about?
Is this still my son?
I didn't expect it.
I can still encounter such good things in my life
So take the money and get out
What did Auntie say? I helped you before.
There's no need to talk like that
What do you want to say?
Your son Zhang Boran
In your eyes
Is it only worth 10 million?
Tang Jian didn't expect you to be so greedy as a woman
I misjudged you.
You did read it wrong.
Your son Zhang Boran
In my eyes
Priceless, I won't leave him
So aunt
Please save it.
Don't bother you.
Did I stop and let you go?